Add small note in Build notes specific to Android platform on 16 KB ELF Alignment (#30013)
openssl/openssl: NOTES-ANDROID.md

    ./Configure android-arm64 -D__ANDROID_API__=29
    make

**Note**: 64-bit devices running Android 15 (API Level 35) and above may require
native libraries with a 16 KB page file size. OpenSSL libraries with a 16 KB

> page file size are built by default on version 3.6.0 and above. For prior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
native libraries with a 16 KB page size. OpenSSL libraries with a 16 KB
page size are built by default on version 3.6.0 and above. For prior
```
